Update bridge-to-kubernetes-aks.md (#8322)
MicrosoftDocs/visualstudio-docs: bridge/articles/bridge-to-kubernetes-aks.md

> [!NOTE]
> You will be prompted to allow the EndpointManager to run elevated and modify your hosts file.

Your development computer is connected when the VS Code status bar turns orange and the Kubernetes extension shows you are connected. Once your development computer is connected, traffic starts redirecting to your development computer for the stats-api you are replacing.

![Debugging with Bridge to Kubernetes](media/bridge-to-kubernetes-sample/debugging.png)

Navigate to the frontend entry point of your todo-app. Using that external IP you found earlier (your external IP from get services command).nip.io. Note, if you selected isolation mode, you will need to use (your prefix - can be found in task.json).(your external IP from get services command).nip.io.

Make a request to the stats-api by choosing the **stats** link.

![Running web site - choose the status link](media/bridge-to-kubernetes-sample/stats.png)

Notice the traffic that initially started in your cluster was redirected to your locally running version (outside of the cluster) where the breakpoint was triggered.

Press play and let the request continue complete transparently.

## Clean up

> When you stop the debugger all changes to the cluster are reverted. Note, if you were running with isolation on, the routing manager pod will be left there to spedite the start of teh debugger next time around.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you stop the debugger all changes to the cluster are reverted. Note, if you were running with isolation on, the routing manager pod will be left there to expedite the start of the debugger the next time around.
```

## Remove the sample application from your cluster

Use the provided script to remove the sample application from your cluster.
You can leave your AKS cluster on for future debugging or you can delete it with below command.

```azurecli-interactive
./bridge-quickstart.sh -c -g MyResourceGroup -n MyAKS
az aks delete --name MyAKS --resource-group MyResourceGroup
```

## Troubleshooting

 If you get this error when activating the Bridge to Kubernetes extension:

"Failed to update dependencies: maximum number of retries exceeded"

 First, retry the activation using the button. If it repeatedly does not succeed, see [https://github.com/microsoft/mindaro/issues/32](https://github.com/microsoft/mindaro/issues/32).

## Next steps

Learn more about Bridge to Kubernetes at [How Bridge to Kubernetes works][btk-how-it-works].

[azure-kubernetes-service]: /azure/aks/kubernetes-walkthrough
[azds-cli]: /azure/dev-spaces/how-to/install-dev-spaces#install-the-client-side-tools
[azds-tmp-dir]: /azure/dev-spaces/troubleshooting#before-you-begin
[btk-vs-code]: https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=mindaro.mindaro

> [azure-cli]: /cli/azure/install-azure-cli?view=azure-cli-latest&preserve-view=true

Reviewer: Some of these links are used in the document, so you can't delete them from this table. For example, [azure-cli] is used in line 24
